updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17091)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/tracing/system-servicemodel-channels-msmqpoisonmessagerejected.md

Poison message rejected.  
  
## Description  

>  The trace indicates that a poison message was encountered and subsequently rejected. This occurs when the `ReceiveErrorHandling` property on the NetMsmqBinding or MsmqIntegrationBinding is set to `Reject`. A rejected message is delivered back to the sender’s [Dead-Letter Queue](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wcf/feature-details/using-dead-letter-queues-to-handle-message-transfer-failures).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 The trace indicates that a poison message was encountered and subsequently rejected. This occurs when the `ReceiveErrorHandling` property on the NetMsmqBinding or MsmqIntegrationBinding is set to `Reject`. A rejected message is delivered back to the sender’s [Dead-Letter Queue](../../feature-details/using-dead-letter-queues-to-handle-message-transfer-failures.md).  
```

>  See [Poison-Message Handling](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wcf/feature-details/poison-message-handling) for more details on when messages become poison and how to configure your service to handle them appropriately. See [MQMarkMessageRejected](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/desktop/msmq/ms707071(v%3dvs.85)) for more details on what a rejected message means in MSMQ.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information on when messages become poison and how to configure your service to handle them appropriately, see [Poison-Message Handling](../../feature-details/poison-message-handling.md). For more information on what a rejected message means in MSMQ, see [MQMarkMessageRejected](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/desktop/msmq/ms707071(v%3dvs.85)).  
```

  
## See also

- [Tracing](../../../../../docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/tracing/index.md)
- [Using Tracing to Troubleshoot Your Application](../../../../../docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/tracing/using-tracing-to-troubleshoot-your-application.md)
- [Administration and Diagnostics](../../../../../docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/index.md)

> - [Poison-Message Handling](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wcf/feature-details/poison-message-handling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Poison-Message Handling](../../feature-details/poison-message-handling.md)
```
